 Glossy P
-------------

   "Glossy P" is a set of themes for gtk2 and metacity. It is based on graphic elements I liked from various mac
themes, but is not meant to faithfully reproduce any of them. It has two main goals:

1) To be a good looking theme that people enjoy using.

2) To provide a well documented template that helps new themers produce their own themes.

Anyone is free to modify and distribute this theme as long as they obey the following rules:

1) You allow others to modify and distribute your version according to these same rules.

2) You try and acknowledge those whose work influenced or helped you. (The Karma Clause)

3) Any modified versions of this theme that are distributed should contain documentation that is
   "morally equivalent to or better than" the current documentation. The purpose of trying to doc-
   ument the themes is to make it easier for people to make great looking themes without knowing
   all of the details of gtk2 or metacity. So, if you're going to distribute a modified or derivative ver-
   sion of this theme please leave all the documentation in the files or, if possible, improve on it! The
   documentation is certainly not complete, so if you add new features please explain how they
   work. If you think an explanation is bad or wrong, replace it with a better one. Make sure that
   someone who downloads your file can understand what you've done.


    I've included a few alternate pixmaps that can be used to alter certain portions of the theme.
In the gtk2 theme the pixmap used to draw the gnome panel can be switched from the default
glossy look to a darker grey background that looks like the window titlebars. The glossy pixmap
is "panel_background_1.png" and the grey pixmap is "panel_background_2.png". Both are located
in the gtk-2.0 folder. Simply copy the one you want to use to "panel_background.png". Similary,
you can change the decorations used for the window titlebars by modifying the "metacity-theme-1.xml"
file in the metacity directory. The comments in the file explain how to do this.

    Post any bugs, comments, or improvements on Aquasoft (www.aqua-soft.org) or Gooeylinux
(www.gooeylinux.com). Have fun!

::m5brane



